Thanks Bhuvan, 

If you can see in my last email i clearly mentioned i will not be able to work on Informatica project without any training .

In our conversation also I clearly mentioned that no show-cause/disiplanery action would be taken only when the employee is given proper training and can execute the deliverables.

Now you are saying with out any training u want to take disiplinary action against me which is not suitable as per HCL policy.And deliverable which was assigned me only 3 days back, how can you this side on my disciplainary action.

Again and again you are thretening me of initiating disiplainary action. 
Which I believe is not correct as per HR. Issue should be understood on both sides and take a viable action. But In my case you are just cornering me at every point.

My most Important thing here is my parents who are not well and they need my support which is sidelined in my case trying to blame me in this. I was been requesting to release from this account wuith genuine reason.


If you are aware I am a 10+ years of cognos BI experience you are talking to me as a fresher who get scared by HR or thretening me on every point. I am disappointed they way you are handling the situation.

And also I clearly mentioned no such Training on Informatica and pushing that employee to work on Merck project is not suitable. 

Since Merck is a presitagious Client for us we can't take any risk. 

I was repeating the same which was mentioned in my chain mails.
----------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Bhuvan/Raj, 

@Bhuvan, Again you are using words which are not acceptable [Please check your previous email, you told: Harish is searching for reason citing personal issues and not completing regular deliverables].

Not sure that why are you using that I’m giving/citing personal issues, no one will tell false things about parents and other hand you are treating me as a fresher who will tell reasons to avoid tasks.

Please be informed that I’m 10+ years’ of experience working on Cognos BI reporting tool. And in the past no HR or technical manager spoke to me like this. I’m repeatedly saying that my parents are not in good health and you are using words which are not acceptable saying I’m giving some excuses to avoid work. Check my earlier project mails I got client appreciation as well as Onsite coordinator appreciation for my deliverables. If you want proof Raj will share that.

Already I’m frustrated the way you are handling the situation not understating the case in a way from employee perspective.

Also I’m repeatedly saying that:
1)	No training on Informatica.
2)	Knowledge sharing only 2 hours till date.
3)	Manager never spoke to me before allotting this project.
4)	Manager never discussed on the importance of my role in Merck in this project.
5)	Manager never discussed on that I’m billed and important resource for Merck.

Now in meetings all of sudden you are talking about billing and importance of the resource, and moreover you are threatening employee about show-cause/disciplinary action which is not expected. And you are not sharing who is the Business head had suggested show-cause notice on my name.

And just Imagine, a resource with Informatica knowledge, not trained how can you expect to work on a prestigious client like Merck.

I really value HCL policies but in my case the value to employee shown is very poor.

Also about the deliverables, I already told no mail is talking about the SLA/time limit when to complete and the deliverable is also on non-production system, then how can you issue show-cause notice on my name. 

My primary focus is right now on my parents which I’m repeating from the initiation of the email. So try to get me a solution or alternative and I’m asking this, as in every company HR are the friendly people who try to understand employee issues and try help them.

@Raj: About your mail that I got trained which is not correct and I cannot accept that training was done. It was just knowledge sharing session on the overall architecture/topology and partial data flow, other than nothing much KT happened.

I am asking again and again releasing me from this account, hopefully you will understand my concern.

Regards, 
Harish 



 








