

Were you able to take my request releasing me from the account, this is pending from last Tuesday Feb 23rd 2021.

This is almost a week leaving me in a confusion mode which is not expected.

Requesting you to release me at the earliest counting from 23rd Feb.

On top of this I had IM conversation with Sreenivasa Rao Nalluri last friday(Feb 26th 2021), who suggested that Raj will come back to me on Mar 1st 2021. Waiting for your response to release me from this account at the earliest. 


---with 30 days notice period starting from Feb 23rd 2021.




--------------

Hi raj, 

I am waiting since morning.

But there is no response from your end. I am not sure who will help me in this regards.Thus 
adding management to look into this matter.

for their quick action to release from this account.-------------------

-------------------

Thanks Raj for the call. Since there are no such deliverables as of now from my end.

This is almost a week leaving me in a confusion mode which is not expected. I need an specific date which I am getting release. So that I can work out with HR for further steps.

Requesting you to release me at the earliest counting from 23rd Feb.



--Even on KT part from last week I had couple of hours of training which I bileive 
-----

Hi Srini

Still I didn't get any reply on my Email, What should I do next?

I am really in a confused state.. 
---
My request is very genuine to be relieved at the earliest, so please help me.

I have discussed with Raj, and also mentioned in my tracking Email about my concern. this is from my parents end.

Raj Said that I will be relieved in 30 days from the account and move to Bench, but there is no repsonse on the release date, now even he is sai

------------------------

Hi Raj,

From the day one with the conversation on this topic I'have been asking you to specify the release date which you have not shared till date.

On the other side not sure why you have suggested to contact HCL Covid helpdesk which is no help for me as in our family no one is contacted with Covid symptoms.

And with HR [Bhuvan] he also couldn't help me on release date and I'm till date in confused state that not releasing me to bench is not the procedure which we follow in HCL becasue have seen so many instances during my period with HCL where employees have been moved to bench and also got into other projects.

Coming to deliverables and the new project, you are well aware that I'm not Informatica resource and also you know that I have not been into any Informatica training during the period I moved to this AH team. I informed the same to Subhash Akuthota this afternoon where he assigned data load to me.

My main technical expertise is with Cognos() and I like to stick on the same. 

And about the work which was assigned the one you are referring to as delivarable is not compatabile for me as the KT process is not upto date and also since these are client loads my thought is we shouldnt take risk loading the data with a resource who doesnt have knowledge of Informatica as Merck is a very good client for us and we should not take any risk.

Now also I'm appealing to take my case as critical as my parents need my attention and release me from this account to HCL bench and try to share the release date.

---------------------

Hi B, 

I am still not able to open the Email which you sent.

Regards,


.....2nd...........

Here is the ticket number I have raised ...

And also I requested to share the info on who asked to raise the Show cause notice and the reason, Can u please let me know.
------------------------

Hi Team, 

Awaiting for your reply.


